README.md, before:

# bo-X

bo-X (bo-chi) is a 2D rendering engine built on WebGL.

### Demos

* [Cloth Sim](http://thegoldenmule.com/labs/boX/demos/index-fabric.html)
* [SpriteSheet Example](http://thegoldenmule.com/labs/boX/demos/index-wyvern.html)
* [Performance](http://thegoldenmule.com/labs/boX/demos/index-test.html)

### Documentation

#### The Basics
* [Getting Started](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/GettingStarted.md)
* [`DisplayObject` and the Scene Graph](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/DisplayObject.md)

#### Fun Stuff
* [`SceneManager` Queries with boQL](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/SceneManager.md)
* [The Simple Beauty of `AnimationCurve`](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/AnimationCurve.md)
* [Animation Playback with `SpriteSheet` and AnimationCurve](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/SpriteSheet.md)

#### Documentation Generated from Source

* New docs are pushed [**here**](http://thegoldenmule.com/labs/boX/docs/) every build.

### Contribute!

Want to contribute? [**Here's how**](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/Contribute.md).

### Bugs?

It's probably user error, but [**here's how to submit issues**](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/Bugs.md) if you must know.

### Roadmap

Want to know where bo-X is headed? Take a look at our [**roadmap**](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/Roadmap.md).

Commit message:

* Committing article on how to build + readme update. * Doc updates.

README.md, after:

# bo-X

bo-X (bo-chi) is a 2D rendering engine built on WebGL.

### Demos

* [Cloth Sim](http://thegoldenmule.com/labs/boX/demos/index-fabric.html)
* [SpriteSheet Example](http://thegoldenmule.com/labs/boX/demos/index-wyvern.html)
* [Performance](http://thegoldenmule.com/labs/boX/demos/index-test.html)

### Documentation

#### The Basics
* [Getting Started](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/GettingStarted.md)
* [`DisplayObject` and the Scene Graph](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/DisplayObject.md)

#### Fun Stuff
* [`SceneManager` Queries with boQL](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/SceneManager.md)
* [The Simple Beauty of `AnimationCurve`](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/AnimationCurve.md)
* [Animation Playback with `SpriteSheet` and AnimationCurve](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/SpriteSheet.md)

#### Documentation Generated from Source

* New docs are pushed [**here**](http://thegoldenmule.com/labs/boX/docs/) every build.

### Contribute!

Want to contribute? [**Here's how**](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/Contribute.md).

### Bugs?

It's probably user error, but [**here's how to submit issues**](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/Bugs.md) if you must know.

### How to Build?

Want to build from source? Check out [How To Build bo-X](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/build.md).

### Roadmap

Want to know where bo-X is headed? Take a look at our [**roadmap**](https://github.com/thegoldenmule/boX/blob/master/md/Roadmap.md).
